Okay great so as you can access my all code files, now you have to read my all plans for the admin panel backend development. but before procced to forward read my all files again and if any modification needs then apply it and then also start build the admin panel backend fully, and most important i want to finish fully, not like you have given something then implement it and again backend, no! not like that. I want fully ready backend. so my instruction for backend are:

Admin has 6 section:
1. Admin can login and reset password (for admin we'll register a hard mail and for password and later admin can only change the password not the mail)
2. Overview Analytics
3. Users
4. Access Codes
5. Tournaments
6. Training Session
7. Leaderboard

For Overview Analytics (admin can):-->
1. Total user count
2. Total tournament count
3. total sessions count (how many sessions user attempted)
4. admins total video upload count
5. everyday new user register on app count
6. can see recent activity(like new user sing in, user attempted the sessions etc.)
7. export all those data into excel sheet or download pdf

For User management (admin can):-->
1. see all registered user of his app
2. see user details
3. take action (suspend/active/delete)


For access code management (admin can):-->
1. at first those code will be come or fetch form shopify website database but we dont have the access code fetching api so just write the backend code of it and later we'll change the link for fetching 
2. from here admin can add validation on access code like (1/2/3/4/5/6 months)
3. can delete access code
// those codes are used to account registration for user

For tournament management (admin can):-->
1. see all admins created tournament details like active or closed, how many attempted, start and end date and can delete the created tournament
2. there will be only one free tournament for user which will be created by admin
3. for creating any tournament 
- add title
- description
- start date and end date
- amount user have to pay for the tournament
- prize money

For Training Session (admin can):-->
1. upload videos
2. edit videos
3. delete video
3. add video title
4. video category
5. create new category for video 
6. create new session
7. session title and description, time, points, equipment used, steps
8. publish the session
